MADISON — Discovery Questions

Answer freely. Stream of consciousness is fine. There are no wrong answers.

Your Daily Work

What does your day actually look like from the moment you start?

Turn on computer, check emails/check missed calls/voicemails/teams messages from Robert from the night before or early morning, respond to anything urgent first, check remaining items on to-do list from yesterday for anything urgent today. Check calendar for meetings/bills due/reminders. Respond to non-urgent emails. Anything I can't respond to, I flag or make a note of for Robert to assist or respond. Prep for any orders that need to be cut/assembled/packed or shipped that day. Reach out/respond to customers with timelines and updates. Check SSI woocommerce for any online orders. Approve blogs on all websites. Check Zoho for any deposits made, confirm and print packing slips for open projects. Continue to check and respond to emails throughout the day, answer phones. Remind Robert of any meetings and prep needed for any meetings.

Lead generation:
-Customer Emails (ssisales@ssidisplays.com and office@ssidisplays.com)
-Contact Form Submission (email generated from ssidisplays.com website)
-Phone calls from Quo, voicemails included

Leads Step by Step

-Emails from ssisales@ssidisplays.com- new customer emails in, asking for quote/information. Confirm customer is not previous customer, with name and company. Confirm all details are in original customer email to be able to provide lead. If not, ask additional questions of customers. Cc Robert and office@ssidisplays.com

-Emails from office@ssidisplays.com, current/previous customer quote requests or requests for spec sheets/information. Check all previous work with this customer to ensure accurate information. Answer any questions you can, cc Robert to answer any technical questions.

-Contact Form Submissions, come to ssisales@ssidisplays.com and are usually new customers. Follow same instructions as emails from ssisales@ssidisplays.com.

-phone calls from Quo, voicemails rather. Customer leaves a voicemail after regular business hours. Direct voicemail to Madison office@ssidisplays.com

What are the first things you deal with every morning?

Emails, phone calls.

What takes up most of your time during the day?

Emails, phone calls, asking Robert questions that I don't have the answer to or need confirmation/approval from him. Remembering tasks that still need to be done from previous day/s.

What are the tasks you do every single day without fail?

Check/respond to emails, answer phones, approve blogs on our woocommerce pages that gpt created. Ask Robert questions about pricing, technical questions.

What are the tasks you do weekly or monthly?

Weekly: check mail, quote shipping, pay bills, file paperwork, light cleaning/dusting around office

Monthly: Pay Bills, shred paperwork,

Quarterly: CDTFA filing

Decisions & Authority

What decisions do you make on your own right now without asking Robert?

Respond to A/R vendors when we are delayed on payment (and even then I need to ask Robert for an update sometimes), invoice creation for some customers, estimate creation for some customers, CDTFA filing, shipping scheduling with logistics (for the most part, occasionally need direction from Robert).

What decisions do you currently bring to Robert that you feel like you could handle yourself if you had the right information?

Pricing for quoting, information is in a lot of places and changes sometimes. Dealer pricing is what we are going with now moving forward, so that should help too.

When a customer asks something, what do you answer vs. what do you forward to Robert?

I answer questions confidently about certain processes and procedures we use, like shipping, and our policies on warranty and payment terms, etc. But so many customers have different questions, and I am not always sure the route Robert is going to want to take. There are also occasions where customers have a history that I'm unaware of because it was before my time, that change the way we handle that project. Some customers get discounts, some get charged extra. They also ask technical questions that I cant answer. They ask if something is possible with LED and I have to ask Robert about that. They ask if they can get a discount, I have to ask Robert.

When a vendor or factory reaches out, what happens? Does it go to Robert or do you handle it?

When a vendor or factory? If it is a vendor for something like metal, I can handle most of it but it's at the direction of Robert or Johnny for RJ Metal. I do not communicate with our vendors or factories for anything LED.

What You Create & Send

What documents do you personally create? (Invoices, estimates, POs, emails, reports?)

Invoices, estimates, emails, reports for CDTFA, shipping docs,

What goes out the door with your name on it?

BOLs for shipping, emails.

Do you approve anything? Sign off on anything?

I approve shipping quotes, sign off on packages, sign off on metal quotes (after Roberts approval)

Do you communicate directly with customers? With vendors?

Yes, with customers. I would say I'm the first line of communication with most of our customers. I do not communicate with vendors for LED, only Robert does.

Pain Points — Be Honest

What part of your job is the biggest waste of your time?

Feeding through junk emails. Approving the blogs on the websites, this is if I had to choose something. Waiting on responses from Robert instead of handling them on my own.

What do you feel like you're always waiting on Robert for that slows you down?

Information for customers from vendors overseas from the night before. Sometimes we get questions from customers first thing in the morning, and we don't have the answer (or the follow up questions) for them until the next morning (or afternoon). Conversations that could be minutes long end up being a couple days. Pricing on certain things that are not in our catalog. Options for customers who come to us with an idea or a vision, Robert is able to come up with ideas and options.

What information do you wish you had access to that you currently don't?

Robert's brain LOL.

What would make your job 10x easier tomorrow?

Knowing everything about LED and digital displays and having access to accurate up to date information in a user friendly software or location.

Software You Use Every Day

List every piece of software or tool you open on a typical day

Outlook, QUO, Teams, ZOHO, woocommerce websites, word, chrome and Microsoft edge, ssi pricing master sheet in google docs, chat gpt.

What do you actually do in Zoho?

Create invoices, estimates, customer information stored. Tax Summary for CDTFA filing quarterly. Product/item search.

Is there anything you want to do but don't have access or training for?

All price quoting, but there are so many products we don't have pricing for that we have to request or wait on. Or confirm the pricing is up to date.

The Big Question

If you had a complete price book, all product specs, all templates, and clear decision rules — what parts of the business could you run completely on your own?

I think I could handle all customer communications about quoting. Technical stuff is still not something I am confident answering.

What's the one thing you wish Robert would let you own fully?

Price quoting, not including technical question answering.
